# Apportionment Calculator

* A complete documentation of the product, client interactions, implementation, and development schedule can be found within the "Documentation" folder within the "Forms" folder.
* There is also a screencast included to demonstrate how to use this application.
* All files can be accessed in a webpage style format using the included coverpage file.
* To properly utilize the Apportionment Calculator, sample data files have been provided. When prompted to add data files by the program, the user simply needs to select the two sample files from the downloaded Project folder, located in the "Sample Data" folder. If the product does not load, please click on the "Product" folder and access the Apportionment Calculator under the "Product File" folder. The sample data files can also be downloaded from "Sample Data" folder in this case.

The Apportionment Calculator program was created to improve the efficiency of workflow for a Sales Tax employee from Wells Fargo. The programs main benefit is improving the speed of aggregating numerous spreadsheet files of tax data from different sources. This is done through a streamlined spreadsheet file entry system. The program is able to aggregate any number of tax spreadsheet files (given they follow a simple header based format) and output this data in a simple, readable format for the client. This can include either a spreadsheet file or a bar graph. These graphs detail apportionment values, in addition to the raw data, that are calculated based on the apportionment types selected by the client. This further improves workflow by preventing the need for an intermediary step for the client where they would have to import the spreadsheet file into a formula filled template just to recieve these values.
